Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? A combination of letters that tell the computer what to do
    2. What is HTML used for? To create web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Used to style pages and put in CSS sections
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Main keywords that define a page, and you should only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Href needs to have a link for the anchor tag, and any input tag that requires information to be put into a box
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? Title or keywords
    7. What is an id? A selector used for one specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? An attribute that specifies one or more class names
    11. What elements can I add a class to? To any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as youd like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? by adding a blank target to your anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? In case an image fails to load it provides the user a "summary" of what the image is 
    15. How do I reference an id? by using #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. Section recognizes chapters, headers and footers. a div recognizes a groups of common items 
    17. What is CSS used for? To style a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. You would use the element and {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. A class is when you label certain tags to be styled the same. An ID is specific to one and only tag like h1
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? You use a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selecting elements with a specific parent.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
